We had a thorough look at how you can tap into native device features with the help of plugins that
help you use the camera, work with Google Maps, access the device storage, work with the filesystem and
of course, there are tons of plugins, both official plugins developed by the Flutter team as well as
community plugins that allow you to do all kinds of things related to native device features and of
course, you also got tons of plugins that help you with totally different things as well.
Now what if you still have some use case, some scenario where you need to run some native code, where
you need to tap into some native device features, some native device code and there is no plugin
available?
Well the good thing with Flutter is you can actually write your own native code for Android or for iOS.
Now obviously for that, you have to know how to write that code but maybe you also found a code snippet on
Stack Overflow or some other source which is written in Swift for iOS or Objective C or Java for Android
and you want to connect that code snippet to your Flutter app and as you will learn in this module, it's
actually pretty easy to connect your Flutter app to any native code and fluently run that native code
and actually even use the result of that code in your Flutter app thereafter.
So let's have a look.